smile all right guys Pokemon Wi-Fi
battles xerxes vs tinchy great great
battle between us um thanks to some
lucky little well you'll see during the
video i hope you guys enjoyed this
battle because i did again excuse the
camera it sucks like hell but it's all I
got he leads with um Alakazam and I lead
with umbreon he switches up to Breloom
because I guess he knew i was going to
pay back I thought he would focus blast
truth be told and I'd be able to take it
and focus um you know whatever he starts
up a focus punch which is weird because
usually he sports first to make sure
nothing like that ever happens I baton
passed out to Dustin or who is a ghost
and fighting up moves don't affect the
ghost basic lesson for you people out
there I know he's going to spore me here
so I'm gonna go for shadow sneak and
it's a good thing I did because he did
spore me I got off to critical here
which is another good thing um let's see
um there's not much dust nor can do here
I don't want to wait for a wake up so
I'm gonna go to scar but he goes to
Alakazam which sucks especially since
Carm has a horrible special defense it
can take some special attacks but man
focus blast miss which is good at first
I thought I could take a focus blessed
but it turns out I can't and he dies
which sucks um ouch I bring in Spartans
who he an old mine for an impact I'd
represent my old school it's kind of
funny since I'm battling a guy named
Duke sees but you know um he he switches
into star me and I you turn it takes a
hit I'm not really surprised I bring in
my sis or which I know can finish it off
but unfortunately he switches to blissey
I pulled off an agility just in case you
bring something that I out that I can
outspeed and there it is I mean yeah I
just did it for looks like no point at
all should have X Izzard that'll have
gotten some more damaged bone here he T
waves me and
thence Isaac seismic tosses me when I
got paralyzed which sucks not didn't get
to do anything there um now I go out to
my Swamper who I know can finish this
thing off but I'm scared of him
switching out so I'm going to go with
the waterfall I would go with the
earthquake but from past experiences I I
want to play it safe at this point
waterfall does its kind a good does a
good amount of HP and I know for sure
it's going to soft boil so now I get to
go to my scar if any of you really do
play competitive battling this must be a
funny moment for you generally you see
Scarman bliss on the same team that's
garment his car versus bliss
unfortunately he thought i was going to
attack and i get off spikes I guess
there wasn't much you can do there
anyway um he ice punches and I spike
again No
Skarmory just takes the ice punch like
it's nothing really and now he switches
in star me which takes the spikes but
unfortunate doesn't die which is it's
okay on my part in I know it's going to
wrap it spin so I'm going to dust more I
don't want it to rapid spin because I
wanted to hurt the rest of the team
that's the point of spikes at this point
storm is basically dead life horrible
kill it if you surf switches does he had
switched it out and then twist it back
in his death fodder spikes would have
killed it now I believe I like three
layers of spikes now so and star me dies
and bye bye i guess and this is a great
moment of the whole battle right here
this nor wakes up pulls off shafts and
eight kills up sam da me
um now he brings in new jaziel debris
loom that I'm so scared of I thought he
was going to sport so I went with
switching to something to ask that is
but unfortunately did it starts up a
focus punch and just like a few battles
ago all I wanted Scizor to do would get
rid of that sub which it does which is
very good and now I get to bring out
Spartans again to finish off Zarek sees
you jaziel that sounds awesome i don't
know why i'm just weird like that I'm I
get off of flare blitz critical hit and
nonetheless but it still it would still
killed either way um at this point I'm
jumping up and down screaming I'm
yelling I'm so happy breathing's gone
and now he brings in dust nor I feel um
i'm basically free to sweep there's not
much he can do right now although he has
three tenth a few ten two tanks left
this thing in metagross um I'm not
really scared I you turn out too
Swampert and if any of you watched our
last battle this will look very familiar
to you look very familiar to me but
unfortunately for this time I don't need
a curse or for to kill dust more just
one choice banded earthquake finishes
them off
at this point the game's basically over
he's telling me good game that stuff um
there's not much you can do here with
blissey especially since my Swampert is
this strong earthquake hurts it and he
know he can't do anything so he seismic
tosses which I feel at soft-boiled it
would have made a difference here we
just wasted more of my earthquakes and
powerpoints brings in his last Pope
metagross which is weak to earthquake
which is what I'm choice banded to so I
guess you could call this game unless he
finds out a way to kill me which is what
he's trying to do now let's see
he ice bunches and it does a bit and
doesn't kill me though that game anyway
I'm credits now pops dessert cheese for
an awesome battle really great match to
shout outs from two guys that wanted
some fame on YouTube and from Ultima
hope you guys enjoyed the battle see
y'all later